zoxide: add page (#3925)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/zoxide.md

# zoxide

> > Keep track of the directories you use most frequently, and use a ranking algorithm to navigate to the best match.

Reviewer: Perhaps this will read better?
```suggestion
> Keep track of the most frequently used directories.
> Uses a ranking algorithm to navigate to the best match.
```

> More information: <https://github.com/ajeetdsouza/zoxide>.

- Go to the highest-ranked directory that contains "foo" in the name:

`zoxide query {{foo}}`

- Go to the highest-ranked directory that contains "foo" and then "bar":

`zoxide query {{foo}} {{bar}}`

> - Interactive directory search (requires [fzf](https://github.com/junegunn/fzf)):

Reviewer: Perhaps we could tweak this to make it more consistent with other pages? We already have a page for `fzf`, so we can reference it here.
```suggestion
- Start an interactive directory search (requires `fzf`):
```

`zoxide query --interactive`

> - Add a directory or increment it's rank:

Reviewer: Perhaps this will read better?
```suggestion
- Add a directory or increment its rank:
```

`it's` ->  `it is`. `its` doesn't have an apostrophe if it's possessive :-)

Author: Absolutely correct, very lazy of me!

`zoxide add {{path/to/dir}}`

- Remove a directory from `zoxide`'s database:

`zoxide remove {{path/to/dir}}`

- Generate shell configuration for command aliases (`z`, `za`, `zi`, `zq`, `zr`):

> `zoxide init {{shell}}`

Reviewer: What about this?
```suggestion
`zoxide init {{bash|zsh}}`
```

We can also include other shells here too, if they are supported.

Author: Done

# zoxide

> Keep track of the most frequently used directories.

> > Uses a ranking algorithm to navigate to the best match.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> Use a ranking algorithm to navigate to the best match.
```

I'm not sure weather should we use `s` here. I remember I read some guideline before. But now I cannot found out.
@zdroid @sbrl  What do you think here?

Author: My choice would be for `Uses a`. The alternative imperative sentence reads too much like a command to the user, rather than a description of the tool.

Reviewer 3: `Uses`, since it's talking about what program itself does, not what you do with the program.

Reviewer 2: It is okay then. I mark this as resolved.

> More information: <https://github.com/ajeetdsouza/zoxide>.

- Go to the highest-ranked directory that contains "foo" in the name:

`zoxide query {{foo}}`

> - Go to the highest-ranked directory that contains "foo" and then "bar":

Reviewer 3: Does it have to be in that order?

Author: After a little experimentation it turns out yes, each of those terms must occur in the path _in that order_.
